docs/source/development/index.rst, before:

👩‍💻 Development
=================

The quickest way to get started developing this package is to clone it and
build it out::

    git clone https://github.com/NASA-PDS-Incubator/pds-deep-archive.git
    cd pds-deep-archive
    python3 bootstrap.py
    bin/buildout

At this point, you'll have the ``aipgen`` and ``sipgen`` programs ready to run
as ``bin/aipgen`` and ``bin/sipgen`` that's set up to use source Python code
under ``src``. Changes you make to the code are reflected in ``bin/sipgen``
immediately.

The documentation is in ``docs/source``, formatted as reStructuredText_ and
structured with Sphinx_.  To build the HTML from the documentation, run
``bin/docbuilder``. It will write HTML output to ``build/docs/html``.

You can also build local distributions or run any ``setuptools`` command via
the buildout refrain::

    bin/buildout setup . --help-commands

Commits back to GitHub will trigger workflows in GitHub Actions_ that
re-publish the project website_ as well as send artifacts to testing_ Python
Package Index.  (The official Python Package Index gets updated only with
official release tags.)

..  note::

    The Python Package Index requires artifacts be uniquely named, so *always*
    update the ``setup.py`` version info when committing a release. (For the
    ``test.pypi.org`` site our continuous delivery workflow automatically
    adds the commit date to the package name.)


.. _reStructuredText: https://docutils.sourceforge.io/rst.html
.. _Sphinx: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/
.. _testing: https://test.pypi.org/
.. _Actions: https://github.com/features/actions
.. _website: https://nasa-pds-incubator.github.io/pds-deep-archive/

Commit message:

Improvements for usability and bug fixes for validate errors
* After running validate, there were a few minor fixes that needed to be implemented.
* Commented out / removed several CLI options for the time being until functionality is fully developed.
* Updated file naming to take into the account bundle versioning separate from the AIP/SIP version
* Updated docs per new pds-deep-archive script which combines aipgen and sipgen.

Refs #21

docs/source/development/index.rst, after:

👩‍💻 Development
=================

The quickest way to get started developing this package is to clone it and
build it out::

    git clone https://github.com/NASA-PDS-Incubator/pds-deep-archive.git
    cd pds-deep-archive
    python3 bootstrap.py
    bin/buildout

At this point, you'll have the ``pds-deep-archive``, ``aipgen``, ``sipgen`` programs ready to run
as ``bin/pds-deep-archive``, ``bin/aipgen``, and ``bin/sipgen`` that's set up to use source Python code
under ``src``. Changes you make to the code are reflected in ``bin/sipgen``
immediately.

The documentation is in ``docs/source``, formatted as reStructuredText_ and
structured with Sphinx_.  To build the HTML from the documentation, run
``bin/docbuilder``. It will write HTML output to ``build/docs/html``.

You can also build local distributions or run any ``setuptools`` command via
the buildout refrain::

    bin/buildout setup . --help-commands

Commits back to GitHub will trigger workflows in GitHub Actions_ that
re-publish the project website_ as well as send artifacts to testing_ Python
Package Index.  (The official Python Package Index gets updated only with
official release tags.)

..  note::

    The Python Package Index requires artifacts be uniquely named, so *always*
    update the ``setup.py`` version info when committing a release. (For the
    ``test.pypi.org`` site our continuous delivery workflow automatically
    adds the commit date to the package name.)


.. _reStructuredText: https://docutils.sourceforge.io/rst.html
.. _Sphinx: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/
.. _testing: https://test.pypi.org/
.. _Actions: https://github.com/features/actions
.. _website: https://nasa-pds-incubator.github.io/pds-deep-archive/
