docs/source/index.rst, before:

PDS Deep Archive
===================

The PDS Deep Archive is a Python_ based package providing utilities for
handling *deep* archives. It includes software for Archive Information Package
(AIP) and Submission Information Package (SIP) products, based on Open
Archival Information System (OAIS_) standards.

Currently, this package provides three executable programs:

•  ``pds-deep-archive``, primary executable for creating both Archive
   Information Packages (AIPs) and Submission Information Packages (SIPs); and
•  ``aipgen``, a subcomponent of ``pds-deep-archive`` to create Archive
   Information Packages (AIPs); and
•  ``sipgen``, a subcomponent of ``pds-deep-archive`` to create Submission
   Information Packages (SIPs)

from PDS bundles.


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:

   installation/index
   usage/index
   development/index
   support/index


.. Perhaps we will use this in the future:
.. Indexes and Tables
.. ==================

.. • :ref:`genindex`
.. • :ref:`modindex`
.. • :ref:`search`

.. _OAIS: https://www2.archivists.org/groups/standards-committee/open-archival-information-system-oais
.. _Python: https://www.python.org/

Commit message:

PDS.19 fixes & features: refactored bundle comprehension and cleanup effort
When SIP generation was originally done, the requirements weren't fully appreciated and they also spread fairly wide (examination of local filesystems versus querying a registry service, using pre-computed checksums (digests) in unspecified file formats, etc.) and AIP generation was purely based on directory contents and not label files. This commit fixes all that with a unified bundle comprehension method (using a temporary `sqlite3` database) that's shared between AIP and SIP and architected with multiprocessing capability for the future.

It specifically addressess the following:

-   Resolves #24 by including support for the `--include-all-collections` argument for both AIP and SIP generation
-   Resolves #41 by building a structure for the PDS labels instead of blindly accepting what's in the bundle's directory structure
-   Resolves #65 by adding support for the `<directory_path_name>` element in XML labels
-   Resolves #64 by testing on the Insight Cameras dataset three times with reliable termination on the host `pds-dev-el7.jpl.nasa.gov` in approximately 1h 33m each time.
-   Resolves #63 by adding timestamps to logical identifiers and generated filenames.

This commit also:

-   Updates the documentation with some additional notes and diagnostics produced by this version of the software
    -   It also cleans up documentation with some cosmetic adjustments
    -   It fixes the base URL described in the example usage (missing trailing slash)
-   Removes extraneous package dependencies
-   Factors bundle comprehension and database generation for shared use by AIP and SIP generation
    -   Removed redundant database generation: if it's done for AIP just feed it into SIP
-   Adds functional tests for AIP generation
    -   Factors SIP and AIP test cases for code reuse
-   Removes hundreds of lines of now redundant code

docs/source/index.rst, after:

PDS Deep Archive
===================

The PDS Deep Archive is a Python_ based package providing utilities for
handling *deep* archives. It includes software for Archive Information Package
(AIP) and Submission Information Package (SIP) products, based on Open
Archival Information System (OAIS_) standards.

Currently, this package provides three executable programs:

•  ``pds-deep-archive``, primary executable for creating both Archive
   Information Packages (AIPs) and Submission Information Packages (SIPs); and
•  ``aipgen``, a subcomponent of ``pds-deep-archive`` to create Archive
   Information Packages (AIPs); and
•  ``sipgen``, a subcomponent of ``pds-deep-archive`` to create Submission
   Information Packages (SIPs)

from PDS bundles. You'll mostly just use ``pds-deep-archive`` but the other
two are there if you ever *just* want an AIP or a SIP.


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:

   installation/index
   usage/index
   development/index
   support/index


.. Perhaps we will use this in the future:
.. Indexes and Tables
.. ==================

.. • :ref:`genindex`
.. • :ref:`modindex`
.. • :ref:`search`

.. _OAIS: https://www2.archivists.org/groups/standards-committee/open-archival-information-system-oais
.. _Python: https://www.python.org/
